but King Solomon loved many foreign
women as well as the daughter of pharaoh
women of the moabites ammonites
Sidonians and Hittites from the nations
of whom the Lord had said to the
children of Israel you shall not
intermarry with them nor they with you
surely they will turn away your hearts
after their gods Salomon clung to these
in love and he had 700 wives princesses
and 300 concubines and his wives turned
away his heart forever so when Solomon
was old that his wives turned his heart
after other gods and his heart was not
loyal to the Lord his God as was the
heart of his father David for Solomon
went after ashteroth the goddess of the
sidonians and after milking the
abomination of the ammonites Solomon did
evil in the sight of the Lord and did
not fully follow the Lord as did his
father David then Solomon builds a high
place for kamesh the abomination of MOA
on the hill that is east of Jerusalem
and phenolic the abomination of the
people of ammon and he did likewise for
all his foreign wives who burned incense
and sacrificed to their gods so the Lord
became angry with Solomon because his
heart had turned from the Lord God of
Israel who had appeared to him twice and
had commanded him concerning this thing
that he should not go after other gods
but he did not keep what the Lord had
commanded therefore the Lord said to
Solomon because you have done this and
have not kept my covenant and my
statutes which I have commanded you
I will surely tear the kingdom away from
you and give it to your servant
nevertheless I will not do it in your
days for the sake of your father David I
will tear it out of the hand of your son
however I will not tear away the whole
kingdom I will give one tribe to your
son for the sake of my servant David and
for the sake of Jerusalem which I have
chosen now the Lord raised up an
adversary against Solomon hey Dad
the Edomite he was a descendant of the
King in Edom for it happened when David
was in Edom and Joab the commander of
the army had gone up to bury the slain
after he had killed every male in Edom
because for six months job remained
there with all Israel until he had cut
down every male in Eden that hey Dad
fled to go to Egypt he and certain
of his father's servants with
him hey Dad was still a little child
then they arose from Midian and came to
Paran and they took men with them from
Paran and came to Egypt to Pharaoh king
of Egypt who gave him a house a portion
food for him and gave him land and hey
Dad found great favor in the sight of
Pharaoh so that he gave him his wife the
sister of his own wife that is the
sister of Queen Tiffany's
then the sister of Tappin ease for him
canoe birth his son whom Tapani is
weaned in Pharaoh's house and canoe bath
was in Pharaoh's household among the
sons of Pharaoh
so when hey Dad heard in Egypt that
David rested with his father's and that
Joab the commander of the army was dead
hey Dad said to Pharaoh let me depart
that I may go to my own country but what
have you lacked with me that suddenly
you seek to go to your own country
nothing but do let me go anyway and God
raised up another adversary against him
reason the son of a Lyda who had fled
from his Lord had a diese king of Zuba
so he gathered meant him and became
captain over a band of Raiders when
David killed those of Zelda and they
went to Damascus and dwelt there and
reigned in Damascus he was an adversary
of Israel all the days of Solomon
besides the trouble that hey Dad caused
and he abhorred Israel and reigned over
Syria then Solomon's servant Jeroboam
the son of Nebat a nephron it--from
zarida whose mother's name was Zorua a
widow also rebelled against the king and
this is what caused him to rebel against
the king solomon had built the mill oh
and repaired the damages to the City of
David his father the man Jeroboam was a
mighty man of Valor and Solomon seeing
that the young man was industrious made
him the officer over all the labor force
of the house of Joseph now it happened
at that time
when Jeroboam went out of Jerusalem that
the prophet Elijah the Shiloh Knight met
him on the way and he had clothed
himself with a new garment and the two
were alone in the field then a Hydra
took hold of the new garment the
Byzantium and tore it into 12 pieces and
he said to Jeroboam take for yourself
ten pieces for thus says the Lord the
God of Israel
behold I will tear the kingdom out of
the hand of Solomon and will give ten
tribes to you but he shall have one
tribe for the sake of my servant David
and for the sake of Jerusalem the city
which I have chosen out of all the
tribes of Israel because they have
forsaken me and worshipped ashteroth the
goddess of the sidonians ki mosh the god
of the moabites and milcom
the god of the people of Ammon and have
not walked in my ways to do what is
right in my eyes and keep my statutes
and my judgments as did his father David
however I will not take the whole
kingdom out of his hand because I have
made him ruler all the days of his life
for the sake of my servant David whom I
chose because he kept my Commandments
and my statutes but I will take the
kingdom out of his son's hand and give
it to you ten tribes and to his son I
will give one tribe that my servant
David may always have a lamp before me
in Jerusalem the city which I have
chosen for myself to put my name there
so I will take you
you shall reign over all your heart
desires and you shall be king over
Israel then it shall be if you heed all
that I command you walk in my ways and
do what is right in my sight to keep my
statutes and my Commandments as my
servant David did then I will be with
you and build for you an enduring house
as I built for David and will give
Israel to you and I will afflict the
descendants of David because of this but
not forever
Soloman therefore thought to kill Jared
burn but Jeroboam arose and fled to
Egypt to shy Shack king of Egypt and was
in Egypt until the death of Solomon now
the rest of the acts of Solomon all that
he did and his wisdom are they not
written in the book of the acts of
Solomon and the period that Solomon
reigned in Jerusalem overall Israel was
40 years then Solomon rested with his
father's and was buried in the City of
David his father
Andrea borne his son reigned in his
place
[Music]